---
title: 'Content 2'
body_classes: modular
---

### Introduction
I am a designer and creative developer. My design and IT interests first met in architecture, primarily in its visual presentation. I have a formal education and MA degree in architecture from the [Moholy-Nagy University of Art and Design](https://mome.hu/en/). I always enjoyed representing cultural and design initiatives most, which became my permanent job from 2016. First, I immersed myself in 3D visualization, and then my interest gradually changed towards graphics and digital interface design – and the related development possibilities. Since 2016, I have been doing this under my personal brand, working on tasks independently or in a team. **Design and development are equally present in my work.**

In the beginnings, school tasks and design contests were good for practicing visual communication, telling complex ideas in meaningful ways. The breakout came 2014, when I established [LUMINOSE,](https://lumino.se) a design lamp product with Elizabeth Zimmerer – my former university classmate. My reponsibilites were everything brand and online presence related, and the project enabled me to work on every stage of branding and digital product development, from communication, through design to code. LUMINOSE was the first truly multidisciplinary work that covered many of my interests. It encouraged me to further shift my focus to brand, design and web development, based on the great experience and international exposure we had with the project.

Among my independent works, I especially liked working on the UI/UX redesign and development of the Budapest100 web application for KÉK - Contemporary Architecture Center (from 2022), the design and development of the PI-HUN architects & engineers brand and website (from 2021), and the design of the STUDIO IN-EX Zrt. brand design system, publications and interactive interfaces (from 2018). An important part of my professional activity since 2021 has been **the continuous involvement with open-source design tools,** among which stands out the creation and development of my own Baseutil CSS web typography framework. I have been involved in teaching since 2017, whenever I have the opportunity.

The projects in which I participated as a creative developer in **a team of other designers are also important parts of my story.** In these works, my task was UX/UI consulting, and the well-functioning, typographically accurate realization of visual ideas. Among these stand out the development of the KÉK Tudástár (knowledgebase) web application for KÉK - Contemporary Architecture Center (2021, with Barba Kecskés), the development of the MádiLáncos Studio website (2021, with Barba Kecskés), and the programming of LOFFICE web applications (from 2019, with Willem van de Ven).

**As well as having a formal education in design and UX/UI, I've ca. eight years of experience in front-end, and multiple years of experience in CMS web development** on the LAMP stack. I have extensive knowledge of Bash, CSS, Git, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP and Twig, and am currently experimenting with modern JavaScript frameworks (React). I develop with Grav, Perch, and WordPress CMSs on a daily basis, all of which I use to deliver fully bespoke web experiences. I primarily work on Linux, and I'm comfortable with scripting, and managing web servers or VPSs from the command line.

### Responsible business operator
From the beginnings, I strive for maximum transparency, and the most ethical business conduct in my business. I am proud to do my job with legal, licensed software and assets in one hundred percent. Since 2020 I have been preferring to work with free and open-source software in all creative projects, when I have the opportunity.
