user/pages/06.blog/introducing-an-open-source-creative-software-ecosystem-for-professional-graphic-design-on-linux-part-2/12._content-7/content.md, before:

---
title: 'Content 7'
body_classes: modular
---

Blender's UI changed a lot since its beginning. The most major change by far was released with version 2.8: a turning point for Blender, that lifted the software's UX to modern professional standards. Blender is probably the only software on the list, that's by no question is a serious alternative to proprietary software even for professionals, who otherwise have zero interest in open-source.

### Using proprietary software on Linux: Wine, Corel Vector, Figma etc.
We discussed leading open-source creative applications so far, that can work well together as a software ecosystem, and cover all use cases a small to medium design studio might have. However, **you can still consider Linux a platform for design to some extent, even if you rely on proprietary software in your work.**

My favorite font manager is the relatively new FontBase, that perfectly works, and makes organizing fonts super easy. FontBase comes as an AppImage, which means it's virtually available for all distributions.

Many leading creative software just don't run natively on Linux: almost all Adobe apps, all Affinity apps, and most Corel apps are macOS- or Windows-only. However, there are software like Wine, that enable you to run Windows software on Linux – with limited success. Another option is to run Windows virtually within Linux, so that you run proprietary software there, but virtual machines can't use the computer's performance up to its full potential, which is limiting for creative uses. Even though I think Linux does have an edge in generic computer use to proprietary OSs, I can't recommend replacing either macOS or Windows if you fully rely on at least one or two Adobe or Affinity apps in your work.

Commit message:

Change page blog introducing-an-open-source-2  modules content

user/pages/06.blog/introducing-an-open-source-creative-software-ecosystem-for-professional-graphic-design-on-linux-part-2/12._content-7/content.md, after:

---
title: 'Content 7'
body_classes: modular
---

Even though I compared Penpot to the former to put it into context, Penpot has its own distinctive vision, and I think it manages and shapes it extremely well. I think Penpot is already suitable to be used professionally for small to medium UI projects, but the proprietary tools just still being smoother in almost every areas, I don't suggest to use it for complex projects just yet. Penpot's UI is easy to use and pleasant by modern standards, that you'll find familiar when coming from other software.

### Open-source 3D graphics software: Blender
It isn't trivial to discuss 3D software here, especially [Blender,](https://www.blender.org) because of the broad use cases of multiple industries, as discussed [in Part 1](/blog/introducing-an-open-source-creative-software-ecosystem-for-professional-graphic-design-on-linux-part-1). Think of proprietary software like 3ds Max, that's popular in architectural visualisation, game design, etc., or Cinema 4D in broadcast, design visualisation, etc. However, 3D software is part of many creative workflows indeed even in graphic design, so it's worth putting Blender on the list. Blender is one of the greatest achievements of open-source software projects: an utterly complex application, with many years of fast-paced development. We can safely say that **Blender is on par with the most expensive 3D suites in capabilities, and is enjoying the support of leading tech companies, and creative studios.** Blender is having its momentum: a lot of major offices put it into production in many industries. Blender works with important 3d exchange formats like FBX, OBJ or 3DS, and its native format, blend is capable of advanced features, like packing image data, that enables making complex scenes fully portable in just one single file. Professional 3D software in general have so many features, that each professional individual only uses a fraction of the packages' capabilities. It's no different with Blender: **it's a fully complete suite of 3D modeling, animation, and rendering, with areas, that outperform the strongest proprietary alternatives' overlapping offerings.**
