---
title: 'Content 7'
body_classes: modular
---

Even though I compared Penpot to the former to put it into context, Penpot has its own distinctive vision, and I think it manages and shapes it extremely well. I think Penpot is already suitable to be used professionally for small to medium UI projects, but the proprietary tools just still being smoother in almost every areas, I don't suggest to use it for complex projects just yet. Penpot's UI is easy to use and pleasant by modern standards, that you'll find familiar when coming from other software.

### Open-source 3D graphics software: Blender
It isn't trivial to discuss 3D software here, especially [Blender,](https://www.blender.org) because of the broad use cases of multiple industries, as discussed [in Part 1](/blog/introducing-an-open-source-creative-software-ecosystem-for-professional-graphic-design-on-linux-part-1). Think of proprietary software like 3ds Max, that's popular in architectural visualisation, game design, etc., or Cinema 4D in broadcast, design visualisation, etc. However, 3D software is part of many creative workflows indeed even in graphic design, so it's worth putting Blender on the list. Blender is one of the greatest achievements of open-source software projects: an utterly complex application, with many years of fast-paced development. We can safely say that **Blender is on par with the most expensive 3D suites in capabilities, and is enjoying the support of leading tech companies, and creative studios.** Blender is having its momentum: a lot of major offices put it into production in many industries. Blender works with important 3d exchange formats like FBX, OBJ or 3DS, and its native format, blend is capable of advanced features, like packing image data, that enables making complex scenes fully portable in just one single file. Professional 3D software in general have so many features, that each professional individual only uses a fraction of the packages' capabilities. It's no different with Blender: **it's a fully complete suite of 3D modeling, animation, and rendering, with areas, that outperform the strongest proprietary alternatives' overlapping offerings.**