---
title: 'Content 4'
body_classes: modular
---

In enterprise, or workstation segment – though AMD is working hard against this – Intel dominates the market by far, with its XEON product line. From our perspective, when compared to consumer segment, the biggest difference is that most XEON products are enabled to be used in multi-CPU (e.g. dual-CPU) configurations, enabling us to not only utilize one, but two or more multi-core CPUs in just one machine, gaining incredible performance advantages in certain scenarios. AMD’s enterprise series “EPYC” does the same although XEON has the upper hand in market share.

### Selecting RAM for arch-viz

RAM stands for Random Access Memory. On a basic level, what it does is transmitting data to the CPU very quickly. While rendering, the rendering engine (and as such the CPU) needs data to work with (e.g. textures polygons etc.), to perform its calculations. If the data is there in time, CPU can work on rendering at 100 percent, which is the ideal scenario. However, when RAM is filled (e.g. because of the scene you’re working with is too complex, there are too many applications open at a time, or both), CPU has to receive data to work with from your paging file on your HDD or SSD instead of your RAM, which enables much slower data transfer, and results in CPU throttling. When this happens, the latter is no longer able to work at its full power. Similarly to the above, **think of RAM as an enabler, rather than an accelerator.**

When selecting RAM capacity for arch-viz, your primary goal is to prevent the aforementioned CPU throttling effect, caused by filled RAM. Speaking of a consumer configuration, and as a general rule of thumb, 32 GB RAM should be enough, yet required today in most pipelines, and in small to medium size arch-viz projects. Another important parameter of RAM is frequency. The higher the frequency, the faster RAM transmits data to the processor, which results in shorter loading times e.g. when starting a render.

In enterprise or workstation segment RAM can be [ECC-enabled,](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ECC_memory) which comes with negligible benefits for arch-viz. Another difference is that enterprise or workstation CPUs and motherboards support much larger RAM capacities – e.g. 512 GB or more – being beneficial only in some very specific scenarios. Keep in mind that the type of RAM you can select is hugely dependent on the CPU and the motherboard, so be careful when making your decision.

### Selecting GPU for arch-viz

GPUs or Graphics Processing Unit evolved to support CPUs, and even supersede CPUs in graphics specific tasks, primarily to enable more pleasing graphics in computer gaming. For many years in professional 3D software, GPUs’ almost solely role was to enable smooth viewport navigation, and as such, 3D modeling and texturing. In recent years though, arch-viz inherited lots of achievements from AAA computer game industry. **Modern 3D software utilizes GPU for much more than viewport navigation, from rendering to more specific tasks such as AI-based denoising (e.g. [NVIDIA’s OptiX Denoiser](https://developer.nvidia.com/optix-denoiser)) etc.**

When your 3D pipeline is entirely based on a more conventional 3D software like 3ds Max or Cinema 4D, and strictly on a CPU-based rendering engine (e.g. Corona Renderer) only, you still likely don’t need anything better than a solid entry-level consumer video card, as I wrote this year [earlier on my blog.](#) **In every other scenario though, you’ll greatly benefit from a powerful card, especially if you utilize a real-time render engine in your pipeline.** Since real-time software is designed to be able to utilize GPU at 100 percent almost all the time, the better performance will simply result in higher frame rates. GPUs have dedicated RAM, that enables processing unit to be fed with data in time, similarly to the above-described CPU and RAM relationship. The larger your video RAM is, the farther you can push your 3D scene’s complexity, and still be able rendering it.

When speaking of raw GPU power, AMD’s products can be compared to the market leading NVIDIA’s ones – especially in lower-end segments. However, your GPU brand choice shouldn’t be based on performance only. Software solutions can sometimes be vendor-dependent, only compatible with one GPU brand or the other. New major technical achievements within arch-viz though will likely be compatible with NVIDIA products first in the years to come. Think of the amazing NVIDIA OptiX Denoiser, a great solution recently implemented into many 3D software, compatible only with NVIDIA hardware. NVIDIA also has hardware-accelerated ray tracing in their RTX video cards, which is a new technology that already has some benefits in certain 3D software. From these points of view, selecting a higher-end NVIDIA graphics card seems like a safer choice.