user/pages/04.work/creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualizations-for-various-projects-from-2014-to-2019/02._gallery/gallery.md, before:

---
title: Gallery
body_classes: modular
media_order: 'studio-in-ex-25-branding-mockup-magazine.jpg,studio-in-ex-25-branding-mockup-publication-page-10-11.jpg,studio-in-ex-25-branding-mockup-publication-page-2-3.jpg,studio-in-ex-branding-graphics-standards-manual-2021-page-12.jpg,studio-in-ex-branding-graphics-standards-manual-2021-page-4.jpg,studio-in-ex-branding-mockup-internal-extra-2022-oktober-page-2-3.jpg,studio-in-ex-branding-mockup-internal-extra-2022-szeptember-page-6-7.jpg,studio-in-ex-branding-mockup-posters-2022-2023.jpg,studio-in-ex-branding-poster-elegedettsegi-felmeres-improved.jpg,studio-in-ex-branding-poster-farsang-2023-improved.jpg,studio-in-ex-branding-poster-karacsony-2022.jpg,studio-in-ex-branding-poster-penteki-buli.jpg,studio-in-ex-25-branding-mockup.jpg'
images:
    -
        caption: 'Apartment in Kázmér street, 2017 – Designer: Luca Glavatity'
        description: '3D visualization of apartment in Kázmér street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-in-kazmer-street-2.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '1'
    -
        caption: 'Hans Wegner chair CH33, 2016'
        description: '3D visualization of Hans Wegner chair CH33'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-hans-wegner-chair-ch33.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: 'Hans Wegner sofa CH102, 2016'
        description: '3D visualization of Hans Wegner sofa CH102'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-hans-wegner-sofa-ch-102.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: 'Moroso Klara armchair, 2018'
        description: '3D visualization of Moroso Klara armchair'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-moroso-klara-armchair-3d-modeling.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '1'
    -
        caption: 'Apartment in Veres Pálné utca, 2017 – Designer: Luca Glavatity'
        description: '3D visualization of apartment in Veres Pálné utca'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-in-veres-palne-street-2.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: null
        description: '3D visualization of apartment in Veres Pálné utca'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-in-veres-palne-street-3.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: 'Apartment at Garay square, 2019 – Designer: Gila Bell Perey'
        description: '3D visualization of apartment at Garay square'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-at-garay-square.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '1'
    -
        caption: 'Residential house in Ulászló street – Designer: András Lente'
        description: '3D visualization of residential house in Ulászló street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-1.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: null
        description: '3D visualization of residential house in Ulászló street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-2.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: null
        description: '3D visualization of residential house in Ulászló street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-3.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: null
        description: '3D visualization of residential house in Ulászló street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-4.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: 'Family house in Hegyalja street, 2014 – Designer: András Lente'
        description: '3D visualization of family house in Hegyalja street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-family-house-in-hegyalja-street.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '1'
    -
        caption: 'Clubhouse for therapeutic horse riding center, 2014 – Designer: Elizabeth Zimmerer'
        description: '3D visualization of clubhouse for therapeutic horse riding center'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-clubhouse-for-therapeutic-horse-riding-center.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '1'
---

Commit message:

Fix page work creative-3d-architectural module gallery media

user/pages/04.work/creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualizations-for-various-projects-from-2014-to-2019/02._gallery/gallery.md, after:

---
title: Gallery
body_classes: modular
media_order: 'creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-moroso-klara-armchair-3d-modeling.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-1.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-2.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-3.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-4.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-sa43-stromfeld-aurel-uti-tarsashaz-1.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-at-garay-square.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-in-kazmer-street-1.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-in-kazmer-street-2.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-in-veres-palne-street-2.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-in-veres-palne-street-3.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-clubhouse-for-therapeutic-horse-riding-center.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-family-house-in-hegyalja-street.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-hans-wegner-chair-ch33.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-hans-wegner-sofa-ch-102.jpg,creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-kolto-utcai-luxusapartman-1.jpg'
images:
    -
        caption: 'Apartment in Kázmér street, 2017 – Designer: Luca Glavatity'
        description: '3D visualization of apartment in Kázmér street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-in-kazmer-street-2.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '1'
    -
        caption: 'Hans Wegner chair CH33, 2016'
        description: '3D visualization of Hans Wegner chair CH33'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-hans-wegner-chair-ch33.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: 'Hans Wegner sofa CH102, 2016'
        description: '3D visualization of Hans Wegner sofa CH102'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-hans-wegner-sofa-ch-102.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: 'Moroso Klara armchair, 2018'
        description: '3D visualization of Moroso Klara armchair'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-moroso-klara-armchair-3d-modeling.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '1'
    -
        caption: 'Apartment in Veres Pálné utca, 2017 – Designer: Luca Glavatity'
        description: '3D visualization of apartment in Veres Pálné utca'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-in-veres-palne-street-2.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: null
        description: '3D visualization of apartment in Veres Pálné utca'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-in-veres-palne-street-3.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: 'Apartment at Garay square, 2019 – Designer: Gila Bell Perey'
        description: '3D visualization of apartment at Garay square'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-apartment-at-garay-square.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '1'
    -
        caption: 'Residential house in Ulászló street – Designer: András Lente'
        description: '3D visualization of residential house in Ulászló street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-1.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: null
        description: '3D visualization of residential house in Ulászló street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-2.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: null
        description: '3D visualization of residential house in Ulászló street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-3.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: null
        description: '3D visualization of residential house in Ulászló street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-residential-house-in-ulaszlo-street-4.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '0'
    -
        caption: 'Family house in Hegyalja street, 2014 – Designer: András Lente'
        description: '3D visualization of family house in Hegyalja street'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-family-house-in-hegyalja-street.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '1'
    -
        caption: 'Clubhouse for therapeutic horse riding center, 2014 – Designer: Elizabeth Zimmerer'
        description: '3D visualization of clubhouse for therapeutic horse riding center'
        image: creative-3d-architectural-and-design-visualization-clubhouse-for-therapeutic-horse-riding-center.jpg
        shadow: '0'
        wide: '1'
---
