user/pages/06.blog/introducing-an-open-source-creative-software-ecosystem-for-professional-graphic-design-on-linux-part-2/14._content-8/content.md, before:

---
title: 'Content 7'
body_classes: modular
---

There's a trend though that new-age creative software run on web technologies – as discussed above – so that they're platform-independent. These apps run perfectly on Linux too: good examples are Corel Vector, Figma etc. If you're e.g. a UI designer doing almost everything in Figma, then there's nothing against putting Linux as your primary operating system.

[In Part 1](/blog/introducing-an-open-source-creative-software-ecosystem-for-professional-graphic-design-on-linux-part-1) I introduced the idea of Linux as a platform for design, and in Part 2 I briefly described an open-source creative software ecosystem, and its individual apps. In the future I might write about each part in more detail. Until then, I encourage you to start considering **Linux for design: a highly liberating, beautifully designed, and inspiring virtual environment to work in as a creative professional** – in some cases just as effectice as propreitary software.

Commit message:

Change page blog introducing-an-open-source-2  modules content

user/pages/06.blog/introducing-an-open-source-creative-software-ecosystem-for-professional-graphic-design-on-linux-part-2/14._content-8/content.md, after:

---
title: 'Content 8'
body_classes: modular
---

Blender's UI changed a lot since its beginning. The most major change by far was released with version 2.8: a turning point for Blender, that lifted the software's UX to modern professional standards. Blender is probably the only software on the list, that's by no question is a serious alternative to proprietary software even for professionals, who otherwise have zero interest in open-source.

### Using proprietary software on Linux: Wine, Corel Vector, Figma etc.
We discussed leading open-source creative applications so far, that can work well together as a software ecosystem, and cover all use cases a small to medium design studio might have. However, **you can still consider Linux a platform for design to some extent, even if you rely on proprietary software in your work.**

My favorite font manager is the relatively new FontBase, that perfectly works, and makes organizing fonts super easy. FontBase comes as an AppImage, which means it's virtually available for all distributions.

Many leading creative software just don't run natively on Linux: almost all Adobe apps, all Affinity apps, and most Corel apps are macOS- or Windows-only. However, there are software like Wine, that enable you to run Windows software on Linux – with limited success. Another option is to run Windows virtually within Linux, so that you run proprietary software there, but virtual machines can't use the computer's performance up to its full potential, which is limiting for creative uses. Even though I think Linux does have an edge in generic computer use to proprietary OSs, I can't recommend replacing either macOS or Windows if you fully rely on at least one or two Adobe or Affinity apps in your work.
