---
title: 'Content 5'
body_classes: modular
---

Out of the box, Scribus's UI is very clean and simple: panels can be opened and closed from the menu, or by keybindings as needed. These panels can also be docked if preferred, making Scribus's look more similar to other DTP software. Scribus is Qt-based, which means some of its UI 'features', like dark theme etc. need some extra configuration steps on non-KDE desktop environments to work properly. It's worth noting, that series version 1.5 have some work-in-progress features, and as such, quite some bugs, so use it cautiously in production.

### Open-source UX and UI design software: Penpot
The software category of dedicated UX and UI design software is relatively new when compared to the groups above. The category's software conventions were just built up over the last couple of years, and major vendors are often young companies, like Figma. These tools often put a huge emphasis on collaboration, and are built on browser- and internet technologies. This means, in general they're much more accessible than conservative desktop software, and run platform-independently on multiple OSs, including of course Linux. Open-source UX/UI design software is a new endeavour, and the first serious achievement likely is [Penpot:](https://penpot.app) a browser-based collaborative design tool, similar to Figma. Though Penpot is an online tool, the app itself is open-source, which means you can setup and run your own instance locally if you wish (though it's technically challenging, as there isn't a pre-packaged desktop app available yet). Penpot's native file format is SVG-based, being intentionally accessible. Penpot is in massive development: it's just about to drop the 'beta' label. **Penpot's current feature set is somewhere between Sketch's and Figma's: the set of design tools are a bit more limited, and as such closer to Sketch, while collaborative and organizational features are more similar to Figma.**